{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 \uc0\u8220{}04-Differential-Privacy-in-the-Wild-1.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed April 18, 2019. http://sigmod2017.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/04-Differential-Privacy-in-the-wild-1.pdf.\
Aaronson, Scott, and Guy N Rothblum. \uc0\u8220{}Gentle Measurement of Quantum States and Di\uc0\u64256{}erential Privacy,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 85.\
Abay, Nazmiye Ceren, Yan Zhou, Murat Kantarcioglu, Bhavani Thuraisingham, and Latanya Sweeney. \uc0\u8220{}Privacy Preserving Synthetic Data Release Using Deep Learning.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Energy Transfer Processes in Polynuclear Lanthanide Complexes}, by Shun Omagari, 510\uc0\u8211{}26. Singapore: Springer Singapore, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-10925-7_31.\
Abowd, John M. \uc0\u8220{}The U.S. Census Bureau Adopts Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining  - KDD \uc0\u8217{}18}, 2867\uc0\u8211{}2867. London, United Kingdom: ACM Press, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1145/3219819.3226070.\
Agarwal, Alekh, Alina Beygelzimer, Miroslav Dud\uc0\u237{}k, John Langford, and Hanna Wallach. \uc0\u8220{}A Reductions Approach to Fair Classification.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1803.02453 [Cs]}, March 6, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1803.02453.\
Agarwal, Naman, Alon Gonen, and Elad Hazan. \uc0\u8220{}Learning in Non-Convex Games with an Optimization Oracle.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1810.07362 [Cs, Stat]}, October 16, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1810.07362.\
Albarghouthi, Aws, and Justin Hsu. \uc0\u8220{}Synthesizing Coupling Proofs of Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the ACM on Programming Languages} 2, no. POPL (December 27, 2017): 1\uc0\u8211{}30. https://doi.org/10.1145/3158146.\
Albrecht, Stefano V., and Peter Stone. \uc0\u8220{}Autonomous Agents Modelling Other Agents: A Comprehensive Survey and Open Problems.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Artificial Intelligence} 258 (May 2018): 66\uc0\u8211{}95. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.artint.2018.01.002.\
Allen-Zhu, Zeyuan, and Lorenzo Orecchia. \uc0\u8220{}Linear Coupling: An Ultimate Unification of Gradient and Mirror Descent.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1407.1537 [Cs, Math, Stat]}, July 6, 2014. http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.1537.\
Altman, Micah, Alexandra Wood, David R. O\uc0\u8217{}Brien, Salil Vadhan, and Urs Gasser. \uc0\u8220{}Towards a Modern Approach to Privacy-Aware Government Data Releases.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berkeley Technology Law Journal} 30, no. 3 (2015): 1967\uc0\u8211{}2072.\
inFERENCe. \uc0\u8220{}An Alternative Update Rule for Generative Adversarial Networks,\uc0\u8221{} March 21, 2016. https://www.inference.vc/an-alternative-update-rule-for-generative-adversarial-networks/.\
Aronszajn, N. \uc0\u8220{}Theory of Reproducing Kernels.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transactions of the American Mathematical Society} 68, no. 3 (1950): 337\uc0\u8211{}404. https://doi.org/10.2307/1990404.\
Asoodeh, Shahab, Fady Alajaji, and Tam\uc0\u225{}s Linder. \uc0\u8220{}Notes on Information-Theoretic Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1510.02318 [Cs, Math]}, October 8, 2015. http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.02318.\
{\i{}Automated Hierarchical Generative Modeling for a Relational Time Series Databases and Sampling: HDI-Project/SDV}. Python. 2018. Reprint, MIT - The Human Data Interaction Project, 2019. https://github.com/HDI-Project/SDV.\
Avalle, Matteo, Alfredo Pironti, and Riccardo Sisto. \uc0\u8220{}Formal Verification of Security Protocol Implementations: A Survey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Formal Aspects of Computing} 26, no. 1 (January 2014): 99\uc0\u8211{}123. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00165-012-0269-9.\
Bae, Ho, Dahuin Jung, and Sungroh Yoon. \uc0\u8220{}AnomiGAN: Generative Adversarial Networks for Anonymizing Private Medical Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1901.11313 [Cs]}, January 31, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1901.11313.\
Bai, Yu, Tengyu Ma, and Andrej Risteski. \uc0\u8220{}APPROXIMABILITY OF DISCRIMINATORS IMPLIES DIVERSITY IN GANS,\uc0\u8221{} 2019, 38.\
Bambauer, Jane R., Krish Muralidhar, and Rathindra Sarathy. \uc0\u8220{}Fool\uc0\u8217{}s Gold: An Illustrated Critique of Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} SSRN Scholarly Paper. Rochester, NY: Social Science Research Network, September 15, 2013. https://papers.ssrn.com/abstract=2326746.\
Barthe, Gilles, Gian Pietro Farina, Marco Gaboardi, Emilio Jes\uc0\u249{}s Gallego Arias, Andy Gordon, Justin Hsu, and Pierre-Yves Strub. \uc0\u8220{}Differentially Private Bayesian Programming.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security - CCS\uc0\u8217{}16}, 2016, 68\uc0\u8211{}79. https://doi.org/10.1145/2976749.2978371.\
Barthe, Gilles, Marco Gaboardi, Justin Hsu, and Benjamin Pierce. \uc0\u8220{}Programming Language Techniques for Differential Privacy\uc0\u8221{} 3, no. 1 (2016): 20.\
Barthe, Gilles, and Boris Kopf. \uc0\u8220{}Information-Theoretic Bounds for Differentially Private Mechanisms.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2011 IEEE 24th Computer Security Foundations Symposium}, 191\uc0\u8211{}204. Cernay-la-Ville, France: IEEE, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1109/CSF.2011.20.\
Bellovin, Steven M, Preetam K Dutta, and Nathan Reitinger. \uc0\u8220{}Privacy and Synthetic Datasets\uc0\u8221{} 22 (2019): 52.\
\uc0\u8220{}Big Data, Machine Learning, Consumer Protection and Privacy.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed May 3, 2019. https://www.itu.int/en/ITU-T/extcoop/figisymposium/2019/Documents/Presentations/Big%20data%2C%20Machine%20learning%2C%20Consumer%20protection%20and%20Privacy.pdf.\
Bindschaedler, Vincent, Shantanu Rane, Alejandro E. Brito, Vanishree Rao, and Ersin Uzun. \uc0\u8220{}Achieving Differential Privacy in Secure Multiparty Data Aggregation Protocols on Star Networks.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the Seventh ACM on Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy - CODASPY \uc0\u8217{}17}, 115\uc0\u8211{}25. Scottsdale, Arizona, USA: ACM Press, 2017. https://doi.org/10.1145/3029806.3029829.\
\uc0\u8220{}Blaze-Govtreform-20171129.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed September 2, 2019. https://www.mattblaze.org/papers/blaze-govtreform-20171129.pdf.\
Blum, Avrim, Katrina Ligett, and Aaron Roth. \uc0\u8220{}A Learning Theory Approach to Non-Interactive Database Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1109.2229 [Cs]}, September 10, 2011. http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.2229.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}A Learning Theory Approach to Non-Interactive Database Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1109.2229 [Cs]}, September 10, 2011. http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.2229.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}A Learning Theory Approach to Non-Interactive Database Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1109.2229 [Cs]}, September 10, 2011. http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.2229.\
Blum, Avrim, and Aaron Roth. \uc0\u8220{}Fast Private Data Release Algorithms for Sparse Queries.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approximation, Randomization, and Combinatorial Optimization. Algorithms and Techniques}, edited by Prasad Raghavendra, Sofya Raskhodnikova, Klaus Jansen, and Jos\uc0\u233{} D. P. Rolim, 8096:395\uc0\u8211{}410. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2013. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-40328-6_28.\
Borji, Ali. \uc0\u8220{}Pros and Cons of GAN Evaluation Measures.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1802.03446 [Cs]}, February 9, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1802.03446.\
Bousquet, Olivier, Roi Livni, and Shay Moran. \uc0\u8220{}Passing Tests without Memorizing: Two Models for Fooling Discriminators.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1902.03468 [Cs, Stat]}, February 9, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1902.03468.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Passing Tests without Memorizing: Two Models for Fooling Discriminators.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1902.03468 [Cs, Stat]}, February 9, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1902.03468.\
Bowen, Claire McKay, and Fang Liu. \uc0\u8220{}Comparative Study of Differentially Private Data Synthesis Methods.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1602.01063 [Stat]}, February 2, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01063.\
Bun, Mark, Yi-Hsiu Chen, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}Separating Computational and Statistical Differential Privacy in the Client-Server Model.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Theory of Cryptography}, edited by Martin Hirt and Adam Smith, 9985:607\uc0\u8211{}34. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-53641-4_23.\
Cesa-Bianchi, Nicol\uc0\u242{}, and G\uc0\u225{}bor Lugosi. {\i{}Prediction, Learning, and Games}. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006. http://public.eblib.com/choice/publicfullrecord.aspx?p=258497.\
Chandrasekaran, Karthekeyan, Justin Thaler, Jonathan Ullman, and Andrew Wan. \uc0\u8220{}Faster Private Release of Marginals on Small Databases.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1304.3754 [Cs]}, April 12, 2013. http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.3754.\
Chaudhuri, Kamalika, Claire Monteleoni, and Anand D Sarwate. \uc0\u8220{}Differentially Private Empirical Risk Minimization,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 41.\
\uc0\u8220{}Chebyshev Polynomials.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Wikipedia}, August 26, 2019. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Chebyshev_polynomials&oldid=912608859.\
Cheng, Raymond, Fan Zhang, Jernej Kos, Warren He, Nicholas Hynes, Noah Johnson, Ari Juels, Andrew Miller, and Dawn Song. \uc0\u8220{}Ekiden: A Platform for Confidentiality-Preserving, Trustworthy, and Performant Smart Contract Execution.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1804.05141 [Cs]}, April 13, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1804.05141.\
Choi, Edward, Siddharth Biswal, Bradley Malin, Jon Duke, Walter F. Stewart, and Jimeng Sun. \uc0\u8220{}Generating Multi-Label Discrete Patient Records Using Generative Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1703.06490 [Cs]}, March 19, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06490.\
Choromanska, Anna, Mikael Henaff, Michael Mathieu, G\uc0\u233{}rard Ben Arous, and Yann LeCun. \uc0\u8220{}The Loss Surfaces of Multilayer Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1412.0233 [Cs]}, November 30, 2014. http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.0233.\
\uc0\u8220{}Cvxccv.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed September 23, 2019. https://web.stanford.edu/class/ee392o/cvxccv.pdf.\
DeDeo, Simon. \uc0\u8220{}Information Theory for Intelligent People,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 15.\
\uc0\u8220{}DeepsurveyICML18final.Pptx.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed June 28, 2019. https://www.dropbox.com/s/qonozmne0x4x2r3/deepsurveyICML18final.pptx?dl=0.\
\uc0\u8220{}Differential-Private Data Publishing Through Component Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed June 28, 2019. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3883117/.\
Ding, Zeyu, Yuxin Wang, Guanhong Wang, Danfeng Zhang, and Daniel Kifer. \uc0\u8220{}Detecting Violations of Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security  - CCS \uc0\u8217{}18}, 2018, 475\uc0\u8211{}89. https://doi.org/10.1145/3243734.3243818.\
Du, Simon S, Jason D Lee, Yuandong Tian, Barnabas Poczos, and Aarti Singh. \uc0\u8220{}Gradient Descent Learns One-Hidden-Layer CNN: Don\uc0\u8217{}t Be Afraid of Spurious Local Minima,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 10.\
\uc0\u8220{}Duet- A Language and Type System for Statically Enforcing (\uc0\u1013{}, \uc0\u948{})-Differential Privacy.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Dwork, C., V. Feldman, M. Hardt, T. Pitassi, O. Reingold, and A. Roth. \uc0\u8220{}The Reusable Holdout: Preserving Validity in Adaptive Data Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Science} 349, no. 6248 (August 7, 2015): 636\uc0\u8211{}38. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.aaa9375.\
Dwork, Cynthia, Moni Naor, Omer Reingold, Guy N. Rothblum, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}On the Complexity of Differentially Private Data Release: Efficient Algorithms and Hardness Results.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 41st Annual ACM Symposium on Symposium on Theory of Computing - STOC \uc0\u8217{}09}, 381. Bethesda, MD, USA: ACM Press, 2009. https://doi.org/10.1145/1536414.1536467.\
Dwork, Cynthia, and Aaron Roth. \uc0\u8220{}The Algorithmic Foundations of Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Foundations and Trends\uc0\u174{} in Theoretical Computer Science} 9, no. 3\uc0\u8211{}4 (2013): 211\uc0\u8211{}407. https://doi.org/10.1561/0400000042.\
Dwork, Cynthia, Guy N. Rothblum, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}Boosting and Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2010 IEEE 51st Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science}, 51\uc0\u8211{}60. Las Vegas, NV, USA: IEEE, 2010. https://doi.org/10.1109/FOCS.2010.12.\
Dwork, Cynthia, and Adam Smith. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Privacy for Statistics\uc0\u8239{}: What We Know and What We Want to Learn,\uc0\u8221{} 2009.\
Dziugaite, Gintare Karolina, Daniel M. Roy, and Zoubin Ghahramani. \uc0\u8220{}Training Generative Neural Networks via Maximum Mean Discrepancy Optimization.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1505.03906 [Cs, Stat]}, May 14, 2015. http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.03906.\
Eigner, Fabienne, Aniket Kate, Matteo Maffei, Francesca Pampaloni, and Ivan Pryvalov. \uc0\u8220{}Differentially Private Data Aggregation with Optimal Utility,\uc0\u8221{} 2014. http://eprint.iacr.org/2014/482.\
\uc0\u8220{}EP-13__Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed September 1, 2019. https://hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/a/d/e/ade35480684b3ac6/EP-13__Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.pdf?c_id=49978163&cs_id=49978163&destination_id=713130&expiration=1566938804&hwt=37c0474c64802c3afc933efd4c508595.\
Fan, Yanbo, Siwei Lyu, Yiming Ying, and Baogang Hu. \uc0\u8220{}Learning with Average Top-k Loss.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 30}, edited by I. Guyon, U. V. Luxburg, S. Bengio, H. Wallach, R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and R. Garnett, 497\uc0\u8211{}505. Curran Associates, Inc., 2017. http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6653-learning-with-average-top-k-loss.pdf.\
Farnia, Farzan, and David Tse. \uc0\u8220{}A Convex Duality Framework for GANs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1810.11740 [Cs, Stat]}, October 27, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1810.11740.\
Fortunato, Santo, Carl T. Bergstrom, Katy B\uc0\u246{}rner, James A. Evans, Dirk Helbing, Sta\uc0\u353{}a Milojevi\uc0\u263{}, Alexander M. Petersen, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Science of Science.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Science} 359, no. 6379 (March 2, 2018): eaao0185. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.aao0185.\
Freund, Yoav, and Robert E. Schapire. \uc0\u8220{}Adaptive Game Playing Using Multiplicative Weights.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Games and Economic Behavior} 29, no. 1\uc0\u8211{}2 (October 1999): 79\uc0\u8211{}103. https://doi.org/10.1006/game.1999.0738.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Game Theory, on-Line Prediction and Boosting.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the Ninth Annual Conference on Computational Learning Theory  - COLT \uc0\u8217{}96}, 325\uc0\u8211{}32. Desenzano del Garda, Italy: ACM Press, 1996. https://doi.org/10.1145/238061.238163.\
Friedman, Arik, and Assaf Schuster. \uc0\u8220{}Data Mining with Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - KDD \uc0\u8217{}10}, 493. Washington, DC, USA: ACM Press, 2010. https://doi.org/10.1145/1835804.1835868.\
Gaboardi, Marco, Emilio Jes\uc0\u250{}s Gallego Arias, Justin Hsu, Aaron Roth, and Zhiwei Steven Wu. \uc0\u8220{}Dual Query: Practical Private Query Release for High Dimensional Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1402.1526 [Cs]}, February 6, 2014. http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.1526.\
Gaboardi, Marco, Andreas Haeberlen, Justin Hsu, Arjun Narayan, and Benjamin C Pierce. \uc0\u8220{}Linear Dependent Types for Differential Privacy,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 14.\
Gaboardi, Marco, James Honaker, Gary King, Jack Murtagh, Kobbi Nissim, Jonathan Ullman, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}PSI (\{\\Psi\}): A Private Data Sharing Interface.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1609.04340 [Cs, Stat]}, September 14, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1609.04340.\
Ge, Chang, Ihab F. Ilyas, Xi He, and Ashwin Machanavajjhala. \uc0\u8220{}Private Exploration Primitives for Data Cleaning.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1712.10266 [Cs]}, December 29, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1712.10266.\
Ge, Hao, Yin Xia, Xu Chen, Randall Berry, and Ying Wu. \uc0\u8220{}Fictitious GAN: Training GANs with Historical Models.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1803.08647 [Cs, Stat]}, March 22, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1803.08647.\
Gonen, Alon, Elad Hazan, and Shay Moran. \uc0\u8220{}Private Learning Implies Online Learning: An Efficient Reduction.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1905.11311 [Cs, Stat]}, May 27, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1905.11311.\
Grnarova, Paulina, Kfir Y. Levy, Aurelien Lucchi, Thomas Hofmann, and Andreas Krause. \uc0\u8220{}An Online Learning Approach to Generative Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1706.03269 [Cs, Stat]}, June 10, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03269.\
Groce, Adam, Jonathan Katz, and Arkady Yerukhimovich. \uc0\u8220{}Limits of Computational Differential Privacy in the Client/Server Setting.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Theory of Cryptography}, edited by Yuval Ishai, 6597:417\uc0\u8211{}31. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-19571-6_25.\
\uc0\u8220{}Guide-to-Selling-Data-to-Wall-Street.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed May 16, 2019. https://www.quandl.com/monetize-alternative-data/guide-to-selling-data-to-wall-street.pdf.\
Gupta, Anupam, Moritz Hardt, Aaron Roth, and Jonathan Ullman. \uc0\u8220{}Privately Releasing Conjunctions and the Statistical Query Barrier.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1011.1296 [Cs]}, November 4, 2010. http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.1296.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Privately Releasing Conjunctions and the Statistical Query Barrier.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1011.1296 [Cs]}, November 4, 2010. http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.1296.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Privately Releasing Conjunctions and the Statistical Query Barrier.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1011.1296 [Cs]}, November 4, 2010. http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.1296.\
Gupta, Anupam, Aaron Roth, and Jonathan Ullman. \uc0\u8220{}Iterative Constructions and Private Data Release.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1107.3731 [Cs]}, July 19, 2011. http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3731.\
Haeberlen, Andreas, Benjamin C Pierce, and Arjun Narayan. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Privacy Under Fire,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 15.\
Hardt, M., and G. N. Rothblum. \uc0\u8220{}A Multiplicative Weights Mechanism for Privacy-Preserving Data Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2010 IEEE 51st Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science}, 61\uc0\u8211{}70, 2010. https://doi.org/10.1109/FOCS.2010.85.\
Hardt, Moritz. \uc0\u8220{}Do GANs Actually Do Distribution Learning?\uc0\u8221{} Off the convex path. Accessed September 17, 2019. http://offconvex.github.io/2017/07/06/GANs3/.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Generalization and Equilibrium in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs).\uc0\u8221{} Off the convex path. Accessed September 17, 2019. http://offconvex.github.io/2017/03/30/GANs2/.\
Hardt, Moritz, Katrina Ligett, and Frank McSherry. \uc0\u8220{}A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1012.4763 [Cs]}, December 21, 2010. http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4763.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1012.4763 [Cs]}, December 21, 2010. http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.4763.\
Hardt, Moritz, Katrina Ligett, and Frank Mcsherry. \uc0\u8220{}A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25}, edited by F. Pereira, C. J. C. Burges, L. Bottou, and K. Q. Weinberger, 2339\uc0\u8211{}2347. Curran Associates, Inc., 2012. http://papers.nips.cc/paper/4548-a-simple-and-practical-algorithm-for-differentially-private-data-release.pdf.\
Hardy, Corentin, Erwan Le Merrer, and Bruno Sericola. \uc0\u8220{}Distributed Deep Learning on Edge-Devices: Feasibility via Adaptive Compression.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1702.04683 [Cs]}, February 15, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1702.04683.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}MD-GAN: Multi-Discriminator Generative Adversarial Networks for Distributed Datasets,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}MD-GAN: Multi-Discriminator Generative Adversarial Networks for Distributed Datasets,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 12.\
Hazan, Elad, and Tomer Koren. \uc0\u8220{}The Computational Power of Optimization in Online Learning.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1504.02089 [Cs]}, April 8, 2015. http://arxiv.org/abs/1504.02089.\
Heffetz, Ori, and Katrina Ligett. \uc0\u8220{}Privacy and Data-Based Research.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Economic Perspectives} 28, no. 2 (May 2014): 75\uc0\u8211{}98. https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.28.2.75.\
Hellendoorn, Vincent J., Christian Bird, Earl T. Barr, and Miltiadis Allamanis. \uc0\u8220{}Deep Learning Type Inference.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2018 26th ACM Joint Meeting on European Software Engineering Conference and Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering  - ESEC/FSE 2018}, 152\uc0\u8211{}62. Lake Buena Vista, FL, USA: ACM Press, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1145/3236024.3236051.\
Hitaj, Briland, Giuseppe Ateniese, and Fernando Perez-Cruz. \uc0\u8220{}Deep Models Under the GAN: Information Leakage from Collaborative Deep Learning.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2017 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security  - CCS \uc0\u8217{}17}, 603\uc0\u8211{}18. Dallas, Texas, USA: ACM Press, 2017. https://doi.org/10.1145/3133956.3134012.\
Hong, Yongjun, Uiwon Hwang, Jaeyoon Yoo, and Sungroh Yoon. \uc0\u8220{}How Generative Adversarial Networks and Their Variants Work: An Overview.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ACM Computing Surveys} 52, no. 1 (February 13, 2019): 1\uc0\u8211{}43. https://doi.org/10.1145/3301282.\
Hsieh, Ya-Ping, Chen Liu, and Volkan Cevher. \uc0\u8220{}Finding Mixed Nash Equilibria of Generative Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1811.02002 [Cs, Stat]}, October 23, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.02002.\
Hsu, Justin, Aaron Roth, and Jonathan Ullman. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Privacy for the Analyst via Private Equilibrium Computation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the 45th Annual ACM Symposium on Symposium on Theory of Computing - STOC \uc0\u8217{}13}, 2013, 341. https://doi.org/10.1145/2488608.2488651.\
Huang, Chong, Peter Kairouz, Xiao Chen, Lalitha Sankar, and Ram Rajagopal. \uc0\u8220{}Context-Aware Generative Adversarial Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Entropy} 19, no. 12 (December 1, 2017): 656. https://doi.org/10.3390/e19120656.\
Huang, Li, Yifeng Yin, Zeng Fu, Shifa Zhang, Hao Deng, and Dianbo Liu. \uc0\u8220{}LoAdaBoost:Loss-Based AdaBoost Federated Machine Learning on Medical Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1811.12629 [Cs, Stat]}, November 30, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.12629.\
Husain, Hisham, Richard Nock, and Robert C Williamson. \uc0\u8220{}Adversarial Networks and Autoencoders: The Primal-Dual Relationship and Generalization Bounds,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 26.\
\uc0\u8220{}IEEE Xplore Full-Text PDF:\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 8, 2019. https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ezp-prod1.hul.harvard.edu/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8306916.\
Jain, Prateek, and Abhradeep Thakurta. \uc0\u8220{}Mirror Descent Based Database Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approximation, Randomization, and Combinatorial Optimization. Algorithms and Techniques}, edited by Anupam Gupta, Klaus Jansen, Jos\uc0\u233{} Rolim, and Rocco Servedio, 7408:579\uc0\u8211{}90. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2012. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-32512-0_49.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Mirror Descent Based Database Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approximation, Randomization, and Combinatorial Optimization. Algorithms and Techniques}, edited by Anupam Gupta, Klaus Jansen, Jos\uc0\u233{} Rolim, and Rocco Servedio, 7408:579\uc0\u8211{}90. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2012. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-32512-0_49.\
Jang, Eric, Shixiang Gu, and Ben Poole. \uc0\u8220{}CATEGORICAL REPARAMETERIZATION WITH GUMBEL-SOFTMAX,\uc0\u8221{} 2017, 13.\
Jin, Chi, Lydia T. Liu, Rong Ge, and Michael I. Jordan. \uc0\u8220{}On the Local Minima of the Empirical Risk.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1803.09357 [Cs, Math, Stat]}, March 25, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1803.09357.\
Johnson, Noah, Joseph P Near, and Dawn Song. \uc0\u8220{}Towards Practical Differential Privacy for SQL Queries,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 14.\
Jordon, James, and Jinsung Yoon. \uc0\u8220{}PATE-GAN: GENERATING SYNTHETIC DATA WITH DIFFERENTIAL PRIVACY GUARANTEES,\uc0\u8221{} 2019, 21.\
Jorgensen, Palle, and Feng Tian. \uc0\u8220{}Discrete Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces: Sampling and Distribution of Dirac-Masses,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 36.\
\uc0\u8220{}Ju Sun | Provable Nonconvex Methods/Algorithms.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed October 15, 2019. https://sunju.org/research/nonconvex/.\
Kearns, Michael, and Florham Park. \uc0\u8220{}E Cient Noise-Tolerant Learning From Statistical Queries,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 27.\
Kifer, Daniel, and Ashwin Machanavajjhala. \uc0\u8220{}A Rigorous and Customizable Framework for Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 31st Symposium on Principles of Database Systems - PODS \uc0\u8217{}12}, 77. Scottsdale, Arizona, USA: ACM Press, 2012. https://doi.org/10.1145/2213556.2213571.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}No Free Lunch in Data Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2011 International Conference on Management of Data - SIGMOD \uc0\u8217{}11}, 193. Athens, Greece: ACM Press, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1145/1989323.1989345.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}No Free Lunch in Data Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2011 International Conference on Management of Data - SIGMOD \uc0\u8217{}11}, 193. Athens, Greece: ACM Press, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1145/1989323.1989345.\
King, James C. \uc0\u8220{}Symbolic Execution and Program Testing.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Commun. ACM} 19, no. 7 (July 1976): 385\uc0\u8211{}394. https://doi.org/10.1145/360248.360252.\
Krishnan, Sanjay, Jiannan Wang, Michael J. Franklin, Ken Goldberg, and Tim Kraska. \uc0\u8220{}PrivateClean: Data Cleaning and Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2016 International Conference on Management of Data - SIGMOD \uc0\u8217{}16}, 937\uc0\u8211{}51. San Francisco, California, USA: ACM Press, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1145/2882903.2915248.\
\uc0\u8220{}Kroll-Kohli-Pitfalls.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed May 7, 2019. https://media.neurips.cc/Conferences/NIPS2018/Slides/kroll-kohli-pitfalls.pdf.\
Li, Chao, Michael Hay, Gerome Miklau, and Yue Wang. \uc0\u8220{}A Data- and Workload-Aware Algorithm for Range Queries under Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment} 7, no. 5 (January 1, 2014): 341\uc0\u8211{}52. https://doi.org/10.14778/2732269.2732271.\
Li, Chengtao, David Alvarez-Melis, Keyulu Xu, Stefanie Jegelka, and Suvrit Sra. \uc0\u8220{}Distributional Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1706.09549 [Cs]}, June 28, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1706.09549.\
Li, Chun-Liang, Wei-Cheng Chang, Yu Cheng, Yiming Yang, and Barnab\uc0\u225{}s P\uc0\u243{}czos. \uc0\u8220{}MMD GAN: Towards Deeper Understanding of Moment Matching Network.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1705.08584 [Cs, Stat]}, May 23, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08584.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}MMD GAN: Towards Deeper Understanding of Moment Matching Network.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1705.08584 [Cs, Stat]}, May 23, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08584.\
Li, Yujia, Kevin Swersky, and Richard Zemel. \uc0\u8220{}Generative Moment Matching Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1502.02761 [Cs, Stat]}, February 9, 2015. http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.02761.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Generative Moment Matching Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1502.02761 [Cs, Stat]}, February 9, 2015. http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.02761.\
Liang, Tengyuan. \uc0\u8220{}On How Well Generative Adversarial Networks Learn Densities: Nonparametric and Parametric Results.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1811.03179 [Cs, Math, Stat]}, November 7, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.03179.\
Lim, Jae Hyun, and Jong Chul Ye. \uc0\u8220{}Geometric GAN.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1705.02894 [Cond-Mat, Stat]}, May 8, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1705.02894.\
Lindell, Yehuda, and Eran Omri. \uc0\u8220{}A Practical Application of Di\uc0\u64256{}erential Privacy to Personalized Online Advertising,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 21.\
Lipton, Richard J, and Alan J Perlis. \uc0\u8220{}Social Processes and Proofs of Theorems and Programs\uc0\u8221{} 22, no. 5 (1979): 10.\
Liu, Changliu, Tomer Arnon, Christopher Lazarus, Clark Barrett, and Mykel J. Kochenderfer. \uc0\u8220{}Algorithms for Verifying Deep Neural Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1903.06758 [Cs, Stat]}, March 15, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1903.06758.\
Liu, Shuang, Olivier Bousquet, and Kamalika Chaudhuri. \uc0\u8220{}Approximation and Convergence Properties of Generative Adversarial Learning.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 30}, edited by I. Guyon, U. V. Luxburg, S. Bengio, H. Wallach, R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and R. Garnett, 5545\uc0\u8211{}5553. Curran Associates, Inc., 2017. http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7138-approximation-and-convergence-properties-of-generative-adversarial-learning.pdf.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Approximation and Convergence Properties of Generative Adversarial Learning.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1705.08991 [Cs, Stat]}, May 24, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08991.\
Lu, Zhou, Hongming Pu, Feicheng Wang, Zhiqiang Hu, and Liwei Wang. \uc0\u8220{}The Expressive Power of Neural Networks: A View from the Width.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 30}, edited by I. Guyon, U. V. Luxburg, S. Bengio, H. Wallach, R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and R. Garnett, 6231\uc0\u8211{}6239. Curran Associates, Inc., 2017. http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7203-the-expressive-power-of-neural-networks-a-view-from-the-width.pdf.\
Machanavajjhala, Ashwin, Xi He, and Michael Hay. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Privacy in the Wild: A Tutorial on Current Practices & Open Challenges,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 4.\
Marquez-Neila, Pablo, Mathieu Salzmann, and Pascal Fua. \uc0\u8220{}Imposing Hard Constraints on Deep Networks: Promises and Limitations,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 9.\
McMahan, H. Brendan, Eider Moore, Daniel Ramage, and Blaise Ag\uc0\u252{}era y Arcas. \uc0\u8220{}Federated Learning of Deep Networks Using Model Averaging.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv} abs/1602.05629 (2016).\
McMahan, H. Brendan, Eider Moore, Daniel Ramage, Seth Hampson, and Blaise Ag\uc0\u252{}era y Arcas. \uc0\u8220{}Communication-Efficient Learning of Deep Networks from Decentralized Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1602.05629 [Cs]}, February 17, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.05629.\
McSherry, Frank. \uc0\u8220{}Privacy Integrated Queries: An Extensible Platform for Privacy-Preserving Data Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Communications of the ACM} 53, no. 9 (September 1, 2010): 89. https://doi.org/10.1145/1810891.1810916.\
Mironov, Ilya, Omkant Pandey, Omer Reingold, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}Computational Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Cryptology - CRYPTO 2009}, edited by Shai Halevi, 5677:126\uc0\u8211{}42. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2009. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-03356-8_8.\
Mit, Sasha Rakhlin. \uc0\u8220{}MythBusters: A Deep Learning Edition,\uc0\u8221{} 1998, 17.\
\uc0\u8220{}Mitigating-Legal-Risks-Alternative-Data-January-2018-2.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed May 3, 2019. https://www.integrity-research.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Mitigating-Legal-Risks-Alternative-Data-January-2018-2.pdf.\
Mohamed, Shakir, and Balaji Lakshminarayanan. \uc0\u8220{}Learning in Implicit Generative Models,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 10.\
\uc0\u8220{}My.Harvard.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 9, 2019. https://courses.my.harvard.edu/psp/courses/EMPLOYEE/EMPL/h/?tab=HU_CLASS_SEARCH&SearchReqJSON=%7B%22PageNumber%22%3A1%2C%22PageSize%22%3A%22%22%2C%22SortOrder%22%3A%5B%22SCORE%22%5D%2C%22Facets%22%3A%5B%5D%2C%22Category%22%3A%22HU_SCL_SCHEDULED_BRACKETED_COURSES%22%2C%22SearchPropertiesInResults%22%3Atrue%2C%22FacetsInResults%22%3Atrue%2C%22SaveRecent%22%3Atrue%2C%22TopN%22%3A%22%22%2C%22SearchText%22%3A%22CS%20281%22%7D.\
Nagarajan, Vaishnavh, and J. Zico Kolter. \uc0\u8220{}Gradient Descent GAN Optimization Is Locally Stable.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1706.04156 [Cs, Math, Stat]}, June 13, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1706.04156.\
Neel, Seth, Aaron Roth, and Zhiwei Steven Wu. \uc0\u8220{}How to Use Heuristics for Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1811.07765 [Cs, Stat]}, November 19, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.07765.\
Nguy\uc0\u234{}n, Th\uc0\u244{}ng T., Xiaokui Xiao, Yin Yang, Siu Cheung Hui, Hyejin Shin, and Junbum Shin. \uc0\u8220{}Collecting and Analyzing Data from Smart Device Users with Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1606.05053 [Cs]}, June 16, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1606.05053.\
\uc0\u8220{}Nisheeth-VishnoiFall2014-ConvexOptimization.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 10, 2019. https://theory.epfl.ch/vishnoi/Nisheeth-VishnoiFall2014-ConvexOptimization.pdf.\
Nissim, Kobbi, Aaron Bembenek, Alexandra Wood, Mark Bun, and Urs Gasser. \uc0\u8220{}Bridging the Gap Between Computer Science and Legal Approaches to Privacy\uc0\u8221{} 31, no. 2 (n.d.): 94.\
Odena, Augustus. \uc0\u8220{}Open Questions about Generative Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Distill} 4, no. 4 (April 9, 2019): e18. https://doi.org/10.23915/distill.00018.\
Oliehoek, Frans A., Rahul Savani, Jose Gallego, Elise van der Pol, and Roderich Gro\uc0\u223{}. \uc0\u8220{}Beyond Local Nash Equilibria for Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1806.07268 [Cs, Stat]}, June 18, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07268.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Beyond Local Nash Equilibria for Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1806.07268 [Cs, Stat]}, June 18, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07268.\
Patki, Neha, Roy Wedge, and Kalyan Veeramachaneni. \uc0\u8220{}The Synthetic Data Vault.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2016 IEEE International Conference on Data Science and Advanced Analytics (DSAA)}, 399\uc0\u8211{}410. Montreal, QC, Canada: IEEE, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1109/DSAA.2016.49.\
Pokutta, Sebastian. \uc0\u8220{}Cheat Sheet: Subgradient Descent, Mirror Descent, and Online Learning.\uc0\u8221{} One trivial observation at a time, February 27, 2019. http://www.pokutta.com/blog/research/2019/02/27/cheatsheet-nonsmooth.html.\
Polato, Mirko, Ivano Lauriola, and Fabio Aiolli. \uc0\u8220{}A Novel Boolean Kernels Family for Categorical Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Entropy} 20, no. 6 (June 2018): 444. https://doi.org/10.3390/e20060444.\
Reed, Jason, Adam J. Aviv, Daniel Wagner, Andreas Haeberlen, Benjamin C. Pierce, and Jonathan M. Smith. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Privacy for Collaborative Security.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the Third European Workshop on System Security - EUROSEC \uc0\u8217{}10}, 1\uc0\u8211{}7. Paris, France: ACM Press, 2010. https://doi.org/10.1145/1752046.1752047.\
Ren, X., C. Yu, W. Yu, S. Yang, X. Yang, and J. McCann. \uc0\u8220{}High-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Distribution Estimation with Local Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2016 IEEE International Conference on Computer and Information Technology (CIT)}, 226\uc0\u8211{}33, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1109/CIT.2016.57.\
Ren, X., C. Yu, W. Yu, S. Yang, X. Yang, J. A. McCann, and P. S. Yu. \uc0\u8220{}$\\textsfLoPub$: High-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Publication With Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security} 13, no. 9 (September 2018): 2151\uc0\u8211{}66. https://doi.org/10.1109/TIFS.2018.2812146.\
Ren, Xuebin, Chia-Mu Yu, Weiren Yu, Shusen Yang, Xinyu Yang, Julie A. McCann, and Philip S. Yu. \uc0\u8220{}LoPub: High-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Publication with Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1612.04350 [Cs]}, December 13, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1612.04350.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}LoPub: High-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Publication with Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1612.04350 [Cs]}, December 13, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1612.04350.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}LoPub: High-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Publication with Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1612.04350 [Cs]}, December 13, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1612.04350.\
Rome, Scott. \uc0\u8220{}An Annotated Proof of Generative Adversarial Networks with Implementation Notes.\uc0\u8221{} Scott Rome, August 27, 2017. http://srome.github.io//An-Annotated-Proof-of-Generative-Adversarial-Networks-with-Implementation-Notes/.\
Sampson, Adrian, Pavel Panchekha, Todd Mytkowicz, Kathryn S. McKinley, Dan Grossman, and Luis Ceze. \uc0\u8220{}Expressing and Verifying Probabilistic Assertions.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 35th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation}, 112\uc0\u8211{}122. PLDI \uc0\u8217{}14. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2014. https://doi.org/10.1145/2594291.2594294.\
Shalev-Shwartz, Shai, and Yonatan Wexler. \uc0\u8220{}Minimizing the Maximal Loss: How and Why,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 13.\
Shawe-Taylor, John, and Nello Cristianini. \uc0\u8220{}Kernel Methods for Pattern Analysis,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 478.\
Shieber, Stuart M. \uc0\u8220{}There Can Be No Turing-Test-Passing Memorizing Machines\uc0\u8221{} 14, no. 16 (2014): 14.\
Shokri, Reza, and Vitaly Shmatikov. \uc0\u8220{}Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security - CCS \uc0\u8217{}15}, 1310\uc0\u8211{}21. Denver, Colorado, USA: ACM Press, 2015. https://doi.org/10.1145/2810103.2813687.\
Snoke, Joshua, Gillian Raab, Beata Nowok, Chris Dibben, and Aleksandra Slavkovic. \uc0\u8220{}General and Specific Utility Measures for Synthetic Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1604.06651 [Stat]}, April 22, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1604.06651.\
Sokolovska, A., and L. Kocarev. \uc0\u8220{}Integrating Technical and Legal Concepts of Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Access} 6 (2018): 26543\uc0\u8211{}57. https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2018.2836184.\
Suggala, Arun Sai, and Praneeth Netrapalli. \uc0\u8220{}Online Non-Convex Learning: Following the Perturbed Leader Is Optimal.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1903.08110 [Cs, Math, Stat]}, March 19, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1903.08110.\
Tai, B., S. Li, Y. Huang, N. Suri, and P. Wang. \uc0\u8220{}Exploring the Relationship Between Dimensionality Reduction and Private Data Release.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2018 IEEE 23rd Pacific Rim International Symposium on Dependable Computing (PRDC)}, 25\uc0\u8211{}33, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1109/PRDC.2018.00013.\
Tang, B., and H. He. \uc0\u8220{}KernelADASYN: Kernel Based Adaptive Synthetic Data Generation for Imbalanced Learning.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}2015 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation (CEC)}, 664\uc0\u8211{}71, 2015. https://doi.org/10.1109/CEC.2015.7256954.\
Tang, Xiangyun, Liehuang Zhu, Meng Shen, and Xiaojiang Du. \uc0\u8220{}When Homomorphic Cryptosystem Meets Differential Privacy: Training Machine Learning Classifier with Privacy Protection.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1812.02292 [Cs]}, December 5, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1812.02292.\
Thaler, Justin, Jonathan Ullman, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}Faster Algorithms for Privately Releasing Marginals.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1205.1758 [Cs]}, May 8, 2012. http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.1758.\
Tolstikhin, Ilya, Sylvain Gelly, Olivier Bousquet, Carl-Johann Simon-Gabriel, and Bernhard Sch\uc0\u246{}lkopf. \uc0\u8220{}AdaGAN: Boosting Generative Models.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1701.02386 [Cs, Stat]}, January 9, 2017. http://arxiv.org/abs/1701.02386.\
\uc0\u8220{}Toward Theoretical Understanding of Deep Learning: Slides and Bibliography.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed June 28, 2019. http://unsupervised.cs.princeton.edu/deeplearningtutorial.html.\
Tschantz, Michael Carl, Dilsun Kaynar, and Anupam Datta. \uc0\u8220{}Formal Verification of Differential Privacy for Interactive Systems (Extended Abstract).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science} 276 (September 2011): 61\uc0\u8211{}79. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.entcs.2011.09.015.\
Ullman, Jonathan. \uc0\u8220{}Answering N^\{2+o(1)\} Counting Queries with Differential Privacy Is Hard.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1207.6945 [Cs]}, July 30, 2012. http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.6945.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Private Multiplicative Weights Beyond Linear Queries.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1407.1571 [Cs]}, July 6, 2014. http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.1571.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Private Multiplicative Weights Beyond Linear Queries.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 34th ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems - PODS \uc0\u8217{}15}, 303\uc0\u8211{}12. Melbourne, Victoria, Australia: ACM Press, 2015. https://doi.org/10.1145/2745754.2745755.\
Ullman, Jonathan, and Salil Vadhan. \uc0\u8220{}PCPs and the Hardness of Generating Private Synthetic Data.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Theory of Cryptography}, edited by Yuval Ishai, 6597:400\uc0\u8211{}416. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-19571-6_24.\
\uc0\u8220{}UNDERSTAND THE DYNAMICS OF GANS VIA PRIMAL-DUAL OPTIMIZATION.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed May 11, 2019. https://openreview.net/pdf?id=rylIy3R9K7.\
Wang, Yuxin, Zeyu Ding, Guanhong Wang, Daniel Kifer, and Danfeng Zhang. \uc0\u8220{}Proving Differential Privacy with Shadow Execution.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1903.12254 [Cs]}, March 28, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1145/3314221.3314619.\
Wang, Yuxin (Ryan). {\i{}A Light-Weight Imperative Language for Developing Provably Privacy-Preserving Algorithms: Yxwangcs/Lightdp}. Python, 2019. https://github.com/yxwangcs/lightdp.\
\uc0\u8220{}Wayback Machine,\uc0\u8221{} February 22, 2016. https://web.archive.org/web/20160222044201/https://tcs.epfl.ch/files/content/sites/tcs/files/Lec2-Fall14-Ver2.pdf.\
Xie, Liyang, Kaixiang Lin, Shu Wang, Fei Wang, and Jiayu Zhou. \uc0\u8220{}Differentially Private Generative Adversarial Network.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1802.06739 [Cs, Stat]}, February 19, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1802.06739.\
Xu, Lei, Maria Skoularidou, Alfredo Cuesta-Infante, and Kalyan Veeramachaneni. \uc0\u8220{}Modeling Tabular Data Using Conditional GAN.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1907.00503 [Cs, Stat]}, June 30, 2019. http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.00503.\
Xu, Lei, and Kalyan Veeramachaneni. \uc0\u8220{}Synthesizing Tabular Data Using Generative Adversarial Networks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1811.11264 [Cs, Stat]}, November 27, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.11264.\
Yang, Timothy, Galen Andrew, Hubert Eichner, Haicheng Sun, Wei Li, Nicholas Kong, Daniel Ramage, and Fran\uc0\u231{}oise Beaufays. \uc0\u8220{}Applied Federated Learning: Improving Google Keyboard Query Suggestions.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1812.02903 [Cs, Stat]}, December 6, 2018. http://arxiv.org/abs/1812.02903.\
Yang, X., T. Wang, X. Ren, and W. Yu. \uc0\u8220{}Copula-Based Multi-Dimensional Crowdsourced Data Synthesis and Release with Local Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}GLOBECOM 2017 - 2017 IEEE Global Communications Conference}, 1\uc0\u8211{}6, 2017. https://doi.org/10.1109/GLOCOM.2017.8253989.\
Yu, Lantao, Weinan Zhang, Jun Wang, and Yong Yu. \uc0\u8220{}SeqGAN: Sequence Generative Adversarial Nets with Policy Gradient.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ArXiv:1609.05473 [Cs]}, September 18, 2016. http://arxiv.org/abs/1609.05473.\
Zhang, Dan, Ryan McKenna, Ios Kotsogiannis, Michael Hay, Ashwin Machanavajjhala, and Gerome Miklau. \uc0\u8220{}EKTELO: A Framework for Defining Differentially-Private Computations.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Management of Data  - SIGMOD \uc0\u8217{}18}, 115\uc0\u8211{}30. Houston, TX, USA: ACM Press, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1145/3183713.3196921.\
Zhang, Danfeng, and Daniel Kifer. \uc0\u8220{}LightDP: Towards Automating Differential Privacy Proofs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages - POPL 2017}, 2017, 888\uc0\u8211{}901. https://doi.org/10.1145/3009837.3009884.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}LightDP: Towards Automating Differential Privacy Proofs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the 44th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages - POPL 2017}, 2017, 888\uc0\u8211{}901. https://doi.org/10.1145/3009837.3009884.\
Zhang, Pengchuan, Dengyong Zhou, Xiaodong He, Qiang Liu, and Tao Xu. \uc0\u8220{}ON THE DISCRIMINATION-GENERALIZATION TRADE- OFF IN GANS,\uc0\u8221{} 2018, 26.\
Zhang, Xiaoming, Rui Chen, Jianliang Xu, Xiaofeng Meng, and Yingtao Xie. \uc0\u8220{}Towards Accurate Histogram Publication under Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}SDM}, 2014. https://doi.org/10.1137/1.9781611973440.68.\
Zhang, Zhikun, Tianhao Wang, Ninghui Li, Shibo He, and Jiming Chen. \uc0\u8220{}CALM: Consistent Adaptive Local Marginal for Marginal Release under Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security  - CCS \uc0\u8217{}18}, 212\uc0\u8211{}29. Toronto, Canada: ACM Press, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1145/3243734.3243742.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}CALM: Consistent Adaptive Local Marginal for Marginal Release under Local Differential Privacy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security  - CCS \uc0\u8217{}18}, 212\uc0\u8211{}29. Toronto, Canada: ACM Press, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1145/3243734.3243742.\
Zhao, Ji, and Deyu Meng. \uc0\u8220{}FastMMD: Ensemble of Circular Discrepancy for Efficient Two-Sample Test.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Neural Computation} 27, no. 6 (June 2015): 1345\uc0\u8211{}72. https://doi.org/10.1162/NECO_a_00732.\
Zheng, Kai, Wenlong Mou, and Liwei Wang. \uc0\u8220{}Collect at Once, Use Effectively: Making Non-Interactive Locally Private Learning Possible,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 10.\
Zhu, T., G. Li, W. Zhou, and P. S. Yu. \uc0\u8220{}Differentially Private Data Publishing and Analysis: A Survey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering} 29, no. 8 (August 2017): 1619\uc0\u8211{}38. https://doi.org/10.1109/TKDE.2017.2697856.\
Zhu, Tianqing. {\i{}Differential Privacy and Applications}. New York, NY: Springer Science+Business Media, 2017.\
N.d.\
}